My Memo


To enlarge the customer base of Delicious Pizzas, it is important for you to look for potential customers who like pizzas. Without any doubt, the corporate sector provides this opportunity. Focusing further on individual corporate buildings may increase the revenue of the company. Lunch-time and evening slots are the rush-hours for pizzas. 
In order to create a consumer base, I recommend you to organize a corporate lunch, where you invite the employees of a company to eat your pizzas, which can stand out among all other options. I recommend distributing free pizzas near large corporate offices. Also, create a quick survey to get the opinion of your potential consumers for your pizzas. 


Phase 1: Ask the following questions in your survey: 
Question 1: Which pizza would you like the most?
1. Margarita
2. Pepperoni
3. Carbonara
4. Double decker pepperoni
5. Any other option ( please specify)
Question 2: Which pizza flavours would you like?
1. Berry, Arugula and Prosciutto pizza
2. Macaroni And Cheese pizza
3. Brown Butter Lobster and Spinach pizza
4. Chicken Alfredo pizza.
5. Any other option (please specify)
Question 3: Which time slot is most comfortable for you to eat pizza?
1. Noon
2. Evening
Question 4: Which other food or items would you like with your pizza (to make your meal a great experience)?
1. Cheese Garlic Bread
2. Polenta chips with Honey and Mustard dressing
3. Chilled Zucchini Noodle Salad
4. Simple Arugula Salad
5. 5.Any other option (please specify)


Conclude the data collection with at least 100 survey answers. Do analyse if there is any pizza brand or combination which stands out.


Phase 2: After collecting your data, choose and create a menu design consisting of your three best designs, and offer them to corporate clients at a hefty discount in response for a review from their employees. Do gather responses and choose one menu that stands out.


Phase 3: Advertising is very important, so kick- start your campaign with targeted emails and present your offers to other corporate offices. Do look out for your competitors. Create a friendly environment with your customers and incorporate their corporate culture in your pizzas.